welcome to the man of recaps this is
Westworld season 3 episode 4 we start
this episode off with William the man in
black he seems to be in a bad way right
now totally lost it just shooting up his
own house he has no idea what's real
anymore and it's in fact hallucinating
his daughter that he killed last season
because he thought she was a host
eventually though Charlotte Hale shows
up and snaps him out of it she's like
hey pull yourself together so Rock is
trying to buy out our company I need you
to look presentable and come talk to the
board help me take the company private
elsewhere Bernards hanging out at a
cheap motel with his new best friend
Stubbs he's on a mission to stop Dolores
from conquering the world and he's
pretty much figured out her game plan to
kill important humans and replace them
with hosts he's built himself a clicker
that turns hosts off a lot like the one
san roque has for me so it's time for
some classic undercover hijinks as
they're gonna infiltrate a fancy party
and take Liam Dempsey out of course we
know Bernards got this one wrong
Dempsey's not the host himself Dolores
replaced his Scottish security guy but
Bernard will find that out soon enough
Dolores and her new best friend Caleb
are also going undercover at the same
fancy party first they got a swing by
the ATM though which for them means
bumping into this guy then knocking him
out and stealing his blood
yeah he's Dempsey's money manager
they're transferring all his funds to
Dolores and he's got the authentication
key in his bloodstream armed with his
blood they go to the bank and are able
to transfer all of Dempsey's money to
Dolores meanwhile Ciroc takes me out on
the town there at a fancy restaurant in
Singapore she's like well darling if he
wanted to really impress me you should
have brought me to Paris he's like oh
yeah I guess you haven't heard cuz you
spent your whole life in an Old West
theme park but Paris was nuked a while
back it no longer exists that provides
some sort of backstory and motivation
for why he wanted to build her hobo um
and set up a system that would like
control the world curbing all of the
worst parts of humanity so like cities
don't get nukes anymore turns out though
her hobo home is not a perfect system
for understanding the human psyche the
best map anyone has of the human mind is
the secret Delos project at West world
Dolores has the key to that that's why
he wants her and Dolores also knows
where she sent the virtual host Paradise
world so he's like look mate if you
bring me Dolores we both get what we
want because then you can go join your
daughter in virtual paradise he brings
her to Arnold's old house this is where
Dolores went when she first escaped
Westworld turns out she built five hosts
here with the five pearls the control
centers of the hosts she smuggled out of
the park they interrogate the guys she
bought her fake identities from and he
sends them up the chain to someone
called the mortician Ciroc immediately
shoots him
he really has no respect for human life
it's kind of unclear who the good and
bad guys are this season siroc is
fighting to save humanity from the robot
uprising but he's clearly not a good guy
so maybe it's the underworld looking for
the mortician she's some sort of
black-market surgeon that hooks people
up with new identities because yeah in
the future you can't just make a plastic
ID you need like their blood to verify
you she says she only got one new
identity for Delores the other four came
from the Yakuza then it is fancy party
time these rich douchebags having a
masquerade these guys can't just hire an
aging rock band and have an open bar I
mean what is the future come to Delores
and Caleb I hear they're gonna pick him
up but Bernard and Stubbs get to him
first
it's super awkward for a minute
despertar tries to turn him off and he's
like what are you doing man
and I realizes Delores hasn't made him a
host yet and it's like oh come with me
we're here to save you Delores comes to
stop him with no subtlety just firing
shots at this party she sends Caleb to
go get Dempsey while she stays behind to
fight Stubbs and I say fight but really
it's just a bump in on Stubbs nobody's
really concerned by the way because
they're all on drugs and think this is
just part of some show so mate goes to
the Yakuza and by the way she's got her
powers fixed she can just hack anything
electronic with her mind
this is incredibly convenient when the
Yakuza guards all have self targeting
computerized guns she's able to control
them all make them shoot themselves up
and because they're the Yakuza it's not
weird that they have katanas laying
around so yes its katana time these
barrels are leaking the white milky
substance the stuff that they make hosts
with what's going on
turns out the Yakuza boss is a host yeah
that's the Shogun world version of Hecht
or Musashi he's pretty mad at me for
leaving him behind but maybe like no no
you wanted to stay behind we were
friends man this isn't the real you
Dolores put one of her friends pearls in
your mind who is that you Teddy Kaleb
catches up with Bernard and he's like oh
are you one of us and Caleb's like what
do you mean he has no idea he's in the
middle of a robot uprising he thinks
Dolores is just some cool resistance
chick then Connells shows up the
Scottish security guy but he takes out
the rest of the security team her huan
super confused no one has any idea who's
on whose side here he sends the humans
away to have a chat with Bernard
Williams got himself cleaned up ready to
go to the board meeting he has one last
chat with his dead daughter where he's
like I know you're not real I feel
guilty I'm sorry I killed you but I've
got to move on but Charlotte's like hey
have a nice talk with your daughter yeah
I know you've been hallucinating her and
Charlotte reveals to him that she is a
host so now we have three of Dolores his
robot allies all getting their identity
revealed
at the same time whose control units did
she smuggle out of the park and who's in
whose body turns out that's a red
herring because Delores put herself in
all of them if you want something done
right do it yourself so maven Samurai
Dolores have a katana fight but oh he
kills her
swats men show up for backup so maybe
we'll probably be revived William freaks
out and attacks Charlotte Dolores but
the security guys grab him and turns out
these guys aren't Dillo security they're
from a mental hospital Dolores Charlotte
set him up ranting about robot uprisings
he seems super crazy and is going away
for a long time giving all of his voting
power to Charlotte Scottish Dolores
takes Bernard shut down unit but we
don't see what he does with him for now
then Kaleb catches up with Dempsey he's
like who are you working for and it's
like the ex-girlfriend that you thought
you had killed when our divorce is plans
for Dempsey now find out next time on
West world hit that subscribe button for
more of the best recaps of TV and movies
and click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion